website/crossbario/docs/How-Subscriptions-Work.md, before:

With the Publish & Subscribe (PubSub) messaging pattern in WAMP, a WAMP client issues a subscription request to a router, in which it expresses interest in a topic. The router registers this. Whenever a publication to this topic comes in, an event is dispatched to all WAMP clients which are currently registered for the topic.

For example, any WAMP client which has registered a subscription for the topic `com.myapp.topic1` receives an event whenever any other client publishes to the topic `com.myapp.topic1`. (The "any *other*" is because as a default, no event is dispatched to the publisher itself if it is subscribed to the topic. This behavior can be overriden.)

The 'subscription', as the term is used here, exists within the router. A subscription is created when a client sends a subscription request for a topic where there are currently no other subscribers. It is deleted when the last subscriber cancels its subscriptions, or its session is disconnected.

A subscriber receives a subscription ID as the result of a successful subscription request. E.g. say a client issues a subscription request for a topic `com.myapp.topic1`, it could receive the subscription ID `748038973` on success. This subscription ID is used as part of the unsubscribe request, i.e. an unsubscribe does not contain a topic URI, but a subscription ID.

When an second subscriber issues a subscription request for the same topic, then it receives the same subscription ID. For `com.myapp.topic1`, it would also receive `748038973`. 

When the subscription is deleted, e.g. because the above two clients both issue an unsubscribe for the topic, and then a client issues a subscription request for the same topic, a new subscription is created, and the client receives a new subscription ID.

The act of subscribing and unsubscribing may create or delete a subscription. It necessarily adds or removes a session from a subscription. 

The creation and deletion of subscriptions, as well as the addition or removal of sessions to a subscription lead to subscription meta-events, to which you can subscribe. It is also possible to retrieve information about currently existing subscriptions. For more information see [Subscription Meta-Events and Procedures](Subscription Meta Events and Procedures).

The above explanation used a topic string which was fully matched. WAMP additionally allows for pattern-based subscriptions in two flavors: prefix registration and wildcard registration. These are explained in [Pattern-Based Subscriptions](Pattern Based Subscriptions).

Commit message:

Clarify how to exclude self from publishes

website/crossbario/docs/How-Subscriptions-Work.md, after:

With the Publish & Subscribe (PubSub) messaging pattern in WAMP, a WAMP client issues a subscription request to a router, in which it expresses interest in a topic. The router registers this. Whenever a publication to this topic comes in, an event is dispatched to all WAMP clients which are currently registered for the topic.

For example, any WAMP client which has registered a subscription for the topic `com.myapp.topic1` receives an event whenever any other client publishes to the topic `com.myapp.topic1`. (The "any *other*" is because as a default, no event is dispatched to the publisher itself if it is subscribed to the topic. This behavior can be overriden by setting `exclude_me=False` in `PublishOptions` when calling `publish()`).

The 'subscription', as the term is used here, exists within the router. A subscription is created when a client sends a subscription request for a topic where there are currently no other subscribers. It is deleted when the last subscriber cancels its subscriptions, or its session is disconnected.

A subscriber receives a subscription ID as the result of a successful subscription request. E.g. say a client issues a subscription request for a topic `com.myapp.topic1`, it could receive the subscription ID `748038973` on success. This subscription ID is used as part of the unsubscribe request, i.e. an unsubscribe does not contain a topic URI, but a subscription ID.

When an second subscriber issues a subscription request for the same topic, then it receives the same subscription ID. For `com.myapp.topic1`, it would also receive `748038973`. 

When the subscription is deleted, e.g. because the above two clients both issue an unsubscribe for the topic, and then a client issues a subscription request for the same topic, a new subscription is created, and the client receives a new subscription ID.

The act of subscribing and unsubscribing may create or delete a subscription. It necessarily adds or removes a session from a subscription. 

The creation and deletion of subscriptions, as well as the addition or removal of sessions to a subscription lead to subscription meta-events, to which you can subscribe. It is also possible to retrieve information about currently existing subscriptions. For more information see [Subscription Meta-Events and Procedures](Subscription Meta Events and Procedures).

The above explanation used a topic string which was fully matched. WAMP additionally allows for pattern-based subscriptions in two flavors: prefix registration and wildcard registration. These are explained in [Pattern-Based Subscriptions](Pattern Based Subscriptions).
